index.markdown, before:

---
layout: page
# title: About
# permalink: /about/
---

<!-- # About me -->

<img src="images/me.png" width="197px">

[Email](mailto:james.chiangwu@gmail.com) |
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/digi_james) |
[Github](https://github.com/jachiang) |
[Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jameshsinyuchiang)


I am a third and final year PhD candidate in Computer Science at the Technical University of Denmark (DTU). I hold a BSc in Mechanical Engineering from the University of California, Los Angeles. 

I am a member of the Formal Methods section of DTU, advised by [Alberto Lluch-Lafuente](http://www.imm.dtu.dk/~albl/), and the Cryptography group of IT University of Copenhagen, advised by [Bernardo David](http://www.bmdavid.com/). I have also had the fortune to be advised by [Massimo Bartoletti](https://tcs.unica.it/members/bart) (UniCa) and [Ittay Eyal](https://webee.technion.ac.il/people/ittay/) (Technion).

Prior to my PhD, I designed flight hardware for Mars missions at JPL NASA in Pasadena, advised global technology clients at the Boston Consulting Group, co-founded data-science startups in Switzerland ([Eturnity](https://eturnity.com/en/), [Siroop](https://www.handelszeitung.ch/unternehmen/so-teuer-war-fur-coop-und-swisscom-das-experiment-siroop)) and contributed to open-source libraries implementing the original Bitcoin protocol. 

# Research Interests

[Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?hl=en&sortby=pubdate) / [DBLP](https://dblp.uni-trier.de/pid/282/1574.html)

I am interested in achieving a universal notion of privacy-preserving smart contracts.

During my PhD, I studied a class of smart contract applications called Decentralized Finance and characterized their economic security properties with formal verification techniques, identifying (front-running) vulnerabilities due to a lack of privacy. 

In response, my collaborators and I deployed advanced cryptography to design novel protocols which deliver input privacy and even general, privacy-preserving smart contracts in the static corruption setting. I am interested in investigating universally expressive, privacy-preserving smart contracts
that scale and are secure against adaptive adversaries with a corruption budget applicable 
across all online internet participants.

**Manuscripts**

<div style = "padding:0px 0px 15px 0px">
<u>SoK: Privacy-Enhancing Technologies in Finance</u> <br>
<div style = "padding:0px 0px 0px 10px">
 Carsten Baum, James Hsin-yu Chiang, Bernardo David, Tore Kasper Frederiksen <br>
  Manuscript, 2023 (<a href="https://eprint.iacr.org/2023/122">ePrint</a>)
</div>
</div>

<div style = "padding:0px 0px 15px 0px">
<u>FairPoS: Input Fairness in Proof-of-Stake with Adaptive Security</u> <br>
<div style = "padding:0px 0px 0px 10px">
  James Hsin-yu Chiang, Bernardo David, Ittay Eyal, Tiantian Gong <br>
  Manuscript, 2022 (<a href="https://eprint.iacr.org/2022/1442">ePrint</a>)
</div>
</div>


**Peer-reviewed**

<div style = "padding:0px 0px 15px 0px">
<u>Eagle: Efficient Privacy Preserving Smart Contracts</u> <br>
<div style = "padding:0px 0px 0px 10px">
  Carsten Baum, James Hsin-yu Chiang, Bernardo David, Tore Kasper Frederiksen <br>
  International Conference on Financial Cryptography and Data Security, 2023 (<a href="https://eprint.iacr.org/2022/1435">ePrint</a>)
</div>
</div>

<div style = "padding:0px 0px 15px 0px">
<u>Maximizing Extractable Value from Automated Market Makers</u> <br>
<div style = "padding:0px 0px 0px 10px">
  Massimo Bartoletti, James Hsin-yu Chiang, Alberto Lluch-Lafuente <br>
  International Conference on Financial Cryptography and Data Security, 2022 (<a href="https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-031-18283-9_1">doi</a>)
</div>
</div>

<div style = "padding:0px 0px 15px 0px">
<u>SoK: Mitigation of Front-running in Decentralized Finance</u> <br>
<div style = "padding:0px 0px 0px 10px">
  Carsten Baum, James Hsin-yu Chiang, Bernardo David, Tore Kasper Frederiksen, Lorenzo Gentile <br>
  2nd Workshop on Decentralized Finance, FC 2022 (<a href="https://eprint.iacr.org/2021/1628">ePrint</a>)
</div>
</div>


<div style = "padding:0px 0px 15px 0px">
<u>Formal analysis of lending pools in decentralized finance</u> <br>
<div style = "padding:0px 0px 0px 10px">
Massimo Bartoletti, James Hsin-yu Chiang, Tommi Junttila, Alberto Lluch Lafuente, Massimiliano Mirelli, Andrea Vandin <br>
International Symposium on Leveraging Applications of Formal Methods, 2022 (<a href="https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-031-19759-8_21">doi</a>)
</div>
</div>

<div style = "padding:0px 0px 15px 0px">
<u>A theory of Automated Market Makers in DeFi</u> <br>
<div style = "padding:0px 0px 0px 10px">
  Massimo Bartoletti, James Hsin-yu Chiang, Alberto Lluch-Lafuente <br>
  Logical Methods in Computer Science, Volume 18, Issue 4, 2022 (<a href="https://doi.org/10.46298/lmcs-18(4:12)2022">doi</a>) <br>
  Coordination Models and Languages, 2021 (<a href="https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-030-78142-2_11">doi</a>)
</div>
</div>

<div style = "padding:0px 0px 15px 0px">
<u> SoK: Lending Pools in Decentralized Finance</u> <br>
<div style = "padding:0px 0px 0px 10px">
  Massimo Bartoletti, James Hsin-yu Chiang, Alberto Lluch-Lafuente <br>
  Fifth Workshop on Trusted Smart Contracts, FC 2021 (<a href="https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-662-63958-0_40">doi</a>)
</div>
</div>

<div style = "padding:0px 0px 15px 0px">
<u> Bitcoin Trace-Net: Formal Contract Verification at Signing Time</u> <br>
<div style = "padding:0px 0px 0px 10px">
  James Hsin-yu Chiang <br>
  MIT Press Cryptoeconomic Systems, Volume 1, Issue 2, 2021 (<a href="https://cryptoeconomicsystems.pubpub.org/pub/chiang-trace-net/release/4">doi</a>)
</div>
</div>

# Academic Service

<div style = "padding:0px 0px 5px 0px">
<em>PC: Program Committee</em> , <em>SR: Subreviewer</em>
</div>

<!-- Div containing floating divs ... -->
<div style = "display:inline-block; padding:0px 0px 5px 0px">

<div style = "width:190px; float:left; padding:0px 0px 5px 0px">
  <u>Blockchain Workshops</u> <br>
  <a href="https://fc23.ifca.ai/defi/">DeFi'23</a> (FC'23), <em>PC</em><br>
  <a href="https://deic.uab.cat/cbt/cbt2022/">CBT'22</a> (ESORICS'22), <em>PC</em> <br>
  <a href="https://dl.acm.org/action/showFmPdf?doi=10.1145%2F3560832">DeFi'22</a> (CCS'22), <em>PC</em> <br>
  <a href="https://fc22.ifca.ai/defi/">DeFi'22</a> (FC'22), <em>PC</em>
</div>

<div style = "width:180px;  float:left;  padding:0px 0px 5px 0px">
  <u>Cryptography & Security</u> <br>
  Eurocrypt'22, <em>SR</em> <br>
  Asiacrypt'22, <em>SR</em> <br>
  CCS'22, <em>SR</em>   
</div>

<div style = "width:190px;  float:left; padding:0px">
  <u>Formal Methods</u> <br>
  WRLA'22, <em>SR</em> <br>
  FM'21, <em>SR</em> <br>
  TACAS'21, <em>SR</em> <br>
  JLAMP, Vol. 121, <em>SR</em>
</div> 

</div>
<!-- End: div container -->



# Misc
<div style = "display:inline-block; padding:0px 0px 5px 0px">
Full course materials from <a href="https://teachbitcoin.io/curriculum/">my course</a> on Bitcoin programming.<br>

A <a href="https://voskuil.org/cryptoeconomics/">book</a> on cryptoeconomics which I contributed to.

</div>

Commit message:

PET applied to all domains

index.markdown, after:

---
layout: page
# title: About
# permalink: /about/
---

<!-- # About me -->

<img src="images/me.png" width="197px">

[Email](mailto:james.chiangwu@gmail.com) |
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/digi_james) |
[Github](https://github.com/jachiang) |
[Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jameshsinyuchiang)


I am a third and final year PhD candidate in Computer Science at the Technical University of Denmark (DTU). I hold a BSc in Mechanical Engineering from the University of California, Los Angeles. 

I am a member of the Formal Methods section of DTU, advised by [Alberto Lluch-Lafuente](http://www.imm.dtu.dk/~albl/), and the Cryptography group of IT University of Copenhagen, advised by [Bernardo David](http://www.bmdavid.com/). I have also had the fortune to be advised by [Massimo Bartoletti](https://tcs.unica.it/members/bart) (UniCa) and [Ittay Eyal](https://webee.technion.ac.il/people/ittay/) (Technion).

Prior to my PhD, I designed flight hardware for Mars missions at JPL NASA in Pasadena, advised global technology clients at the Boston Consulting Group, co-founded data-science startups in Switzerland ([Eturnity](https://eturnity.com/en/), [Siroop](https://www.handelszeitung.ch/unternehmen/so-teuer-war-fur-coop-und-swisscom-das-experiment-siroop)) and contributed to open-source libraries implementing the original Bitcoin protocol. 

# Research Interests

[Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?hl=en&sortby=pubdate) / [DBLP](https://dblp.uni-trier.de/pid/282/1574.html)

I am interested in Privacy-Enhancing Technologies and Cryptographic Protocols applied to all domains.

During my PhD, I studied a class of smart contract applications called Decentralized Finance and characterized their economic security properties with formal verification techniques, identifying (front-running) vulnerabilities due to a lack of privacy. 

In response, my collaborators and I deployed advanced cryptography to design novel protocols which deliver input privacy and even general, privacy-preserving smart contracts in the static corruption setting. I am interested in investigating universally expressive, privacy-preserving smart contracts
that scale and are secure against adaptive adversaries with a corruption budget applicable 
across all online internet participants.

**Manuscripts**

<div style = "padding:0px 0px 15px 0px">
<u>SoK: Privacy-Enhancing Technologies in Finance</u> <br>
<div style = "padding:0px 0px 0px 10px">
 Carsten Baum, James Hsin-yu Chiang, Bernardo David, Tore Kasper Frederiksen <br>
  Manuscript, 2023 (<a href="https://eprint.iacr.org/2023/122">ePrint</a>)
</div>
</div>

<div style = "padding:0px 0px 15px 0px">
<u>FairPoS: Input Fairness in Proof-of-Stake with Adaptive Security</u> <br>
<div style = "padding:0px 0px 0px 10px">
  James Hsin-yu Chiang, Bernardo David, Ittay Eyal, Tiantian Gong <br>
  Manuscript, 2022 (<a href="https://eprint.iacr.org/2022/1442">ePrint</a>)
</div>
</div>


**Peer-reviewed**

<div style = "padding:0px 0px 15px 0px">
<u>Eagle: Efficient Privacy Preserving Smart Contracts</u> <br>
<div style = "padding:0px 0px 0px 10px">
  Carsten Baum, James Hsin-yu Chiang, Bernardo David, Tore Kasper Frederiksen <br>
  International Conference on Financial Cryptography and Data Security, 2023 (<a href="https://eprint.iacr.org/2022/1435">ePrint</a>)
</div>
</div>

<div style = "padding:0px 0px 15px 0px">
<u>Maximizing Extractable Value from Automated Market Makers</u> <br>
<div style = "padding:0px 0px 0px 10px">
  Massimo Bartoletti, James Hsin-yu Chiang, Alberto Lluch-Lafuente <br>
  International Conference on Financial Cryptography and Data Security, 2022 (<a href="https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-031-18283-9_1">doi</a>)
</div>
</div>

<div style = "padding:0px 0px 15px 0px">
<u>SoK: Mitigation of Front-running in Decentralized Finance</u> <br>
<div style = "padding:0px 0px 0px 10px">
  Carsten Baum, James Hsin-yu Chiang, Bernardo David, Tore Kasper Frederiksen, Lorenzo Gentile <br>
  2nd Workshop on Decentralized Finance, FC 2022 (<a href="https://eprint.iacr.org/2021/1628">ePrint</a>)
</div>
</div>


<div style = "padding:0px 0px 15px 0px">
<u>Formal analysis of lending pools in decentralized finance</u> <br>
<div style = "padding:0px 0px 0px 10px">
Massimo Bartoletti, James Hsin-yu Chiang, Tommi Junttila, Alberto Lluch Lafuente, Massimiliano Mirelli, Andrea Vandin <br>
International Symposium on Leveraging Applications of Formal Methods, 2022 (<a href="https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-031-19759-8_21">doi</a>)
</div>
</div>

<div style = "padding:0px 0px 15px 0px">
<u>A theory of Automated Market Makers in DeFi</u> <br>
<div style = "padding:0px 0px 0px 10px">
  Massimo Bartoletti, James Hsin-yu Chiang, Alberto Lluch-Lafuente <br>
  Logical Methods in Computer Science, Volume 18, Issue 4, 2022 (<a href="https://doi.org/10.46298/lmcs-18(4:12)2022">doi</a>) <br>
  Coordination Models and Languages, 2021 (<a href="https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-030-78142-2_11">doi</a>)
</div>
</div>

<div style = "padding:0px 0px 15px 0px">
<u> SoK: Lending Pools in Decentralized Finance</u> <br>
<div style = "padding:0px 0px 0px 10px">
  Massimo Bartoletti, James Hsin-yu Chiang, Alberto Lluch-Lafuente <br>
  Fifth Workshop on Trusted Smart Contracts, FC 2021 (<a href="https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-662-63958-0_40">doi</a>)
</div>
</div>

<div style = "padding:0px 0px 15px 0px">
<u> Bitcoin Trace-Net: Formal Contract Verification at Signing Time</u> <br>
<div style = "padding:0px 0px 0px 10px">
  James Hsin-yu Chiang <br>
  MIT Press Cryptoeconomic Systems, Volume 1, Issue 2, 2021 (<a href="https://cryptoeconomicsystems.pubpub.org/pub/chiang-trace-net/release/4">doi</a>)
</div>
</div>

# Academic Service

<div style = "padding:0px 0px 5px 0px">
<em>PC: Program Committee</em> , <em>SR: Subreviewer</em>
</div>

<!-- Div containing floating divs ... -->
<div style = "display:inline-block; padding:0px 0px 5px 0px">

<div style = "width:190px; float:left; padding:0px 0px 5px 0px">
  <u>Blockchain Workshops</u> <br>
  <a href="https://fc23.ifca.ai/defi/">DeFi'23</a> (FC'23), <em>PC</em><br>
  <a href="https://deic.uab.cat/cbt/cbt2022/">CBT'22</a> (ESORICS'22), <em>PC</em> <br>
  <a href="https://dl.acm.org/action/showFmPdf?doi=10.1145%2F3560832">DeFi'22</a> (CCS'22), <em>PC</em> <br>
  <a href="https://fc22.ifca.ai/defi/">DeFi'22</a> (FC'22), <em>PC</em>
</div>

<div style = "width:180px;  float:left;  padding:0px 0px 5px 0px">
  <u>Cryptography & Security</u> <br>
  Eurocrypt'22, <em>SR</em> <br>
  Asiacrypt'22, <em>SR</em> <br>
  CCS'22, <em>SR</em>   
</div>

<div style = "width:190px;  float:left; padding:0px">
  <u>Formal Methods</u> <br>
  WRLA'22, <em>SR</em> <br>
  FM'21, <em>SR</em> <br>
  TACAS'21, <em>SR</em> <br>
  JLAMP, Vol. 121, <em>SR</em>
</div> 

</div>
<!-- End: div container -->



# Misc
<div style = "display:inline-block; padding:0px 0px 5px 0px">
Full course materials from <a href="https://teachbitcoin.io/curriculum/">my course</a> on Bitcoin programming.<br>

A <a href="https://voskuil.org/cryptoeconomics/">book</a> on cryptoeconomics which I contributed to.

</div>
